1.When would you use a sorted binary tree over a linked list?
    	In a linked list, the items are linked together through a single next pointer.
    	In a binary tree, each node can have 0, 1 or 2 subnodes, where (in case of a binary search tree) the key of the left node is lesser than the key of the node and the key of the right node is more than the node. 
    	As long as the tree is balanced, the searchpath to each item is a lot shorter than that in a linked list.

2.What would you change if the tree had to support int values instead of floats? Can you use this approach to support any value type, or are there limitations?
	In this case the requeirments to support int are to change typedef float into typedef int . And also in the row 27 is superfluous

3.Why do we use multiple translation units instead of putting everything a single file? 
	The code is more clear and easier to understand.The approch is also more efficient.

4.Is the development cycle (i.e. changing a source file, recompiling and running tests) faster when using multiple translation units? Explain your answer.
    Yes, because you have for each function or header a different file where you exatcly know where everything is and what u have to do change its also better for working as a team.

5.What is a header guard and why is it needed?
	Header guards are little pieces of code that protect the contents of a header file from being included more than once. 
	Header guards are implemented through the use of preprocessor directives.
	The C preprocessor directives all start with the # character.


 
6.Why is struct bstree not defined in the header file? What are the implications?

7.Explain the const in the parameter list of bstree_print, is it required?


8.Explain memory leaks. Why are memory leaks bad?
	Memory is a resource ( file descriptors, database handles, power assertions, network handles, files etc.) 
	By leaking any of these resources you are lying to the system about what you are using. 
        All resources have a finite limit. By not telling the OS that you don't need the resource anymore, you risk running out of that resource or causing other programs to fail. 
        In terms of memory, usually your application will crash 


9.What is the reason behind writing everything in English?
	English is the programming language and helps also the cooperation between programmers with different nationalities and mother language that are not english.


10.Why should you use static for non-exported functions?
	static would inform compiler that function is only accessible from current translation unit which allows more optimizations
	Static, when applied to a function, means that the function has local scope or file scope, 
	which will disallow someone from declaring a prototype to that function in a header file and using it somewhere else than where it was declared.


11.Why should we comment our source code? Is it always needed? What should the comment state? What is self-documenting code?
	Comment our code is a good method to understand the function of the programm after a big time gap . so if we forgett something it will be much easier to recognized the originally function.
	Another improvement with self documenting is to understand better ourselve implementation. so we can controll if we have understand our approach 
	Also its help another person who looks at the code for somer reasons like (maintenance)

12.Why should the module not output debug messages?
13.Why and when should you use assert?
    assert should only beeing used for situations, that might not happen. Basically it is used for debugging.
14.What are the benefits of using a Makefile over calling the compiler by hand?
It makes codes more concise and clear to read and debug. No need to compile entire program every time whenever you make a change to a functionality or a class.
15.Imagine it was your job to design the interface for the bstree module (bstree.h). What, if anything, would you have done differently, and why?
I would change the row 27, because i think it is useless to give a float this define and so u cant use it for int and other datatypes.
